Hello everybody, my name is Minzhang He.
I am a member of the Microsoft China MVP Club,
and I placed first in the last MVP Competition.
My dream is to be able to code every day,
but I also love to enjoy good food and drink, particularly Sichuan hotpot and Coca-Cola.
Reading is also one of my hobbies.
Reading original works has helped me to expand my English vocabulary to over 10,000 words.
I hope to increase my vocabulary to 30,000 words within three years.
University graduates in China generally only have to pass the national Level 4 exams,
giving them a vocabulary of 3,000 to 4,000 words,
but 4-year-old children in the US know as many as 5,000 words.
The 2016 UPI survey found that most US adults have a vocabulary of more than 42,000 words.
I think that this is the reason that uptake of Microsoft’s cool, cutting-edge technology is not very high in China.
Participating in the Chinese localization of Microsoft documentation and products was very inspiring.
Through your own efforts, you can
give more people the opportunity to come into contact with and use the world’s most awesome software products and technologies.
You can give more people the chance to master powerful technologies like Azure, Xamarin, and .NET Core,
achieve things of greater value,
and enable more businesses and developers to free themselves from the limitations of .NET 2.0 and 3.0.
Participating in the Chinese localization program has also enabled me to greatly improve my own ability to deal with English,
particularly in terms of how fast I can process English sentences, my level of comprehension, and my feel for the language.
If you want to participate in the Chinese localization program, you should ideally have access to powerful online dictionaries, online translation services, and search engines,
because a lot of the vocabulary and translations will be things that you haven’t come across before.
Microsoft documentation is in reality an open-source project that is constantly evolving,
with new content added all the time.
Participating in this process gives you the chance to find out about many technologies that you didn’t understand before.
One example that made a strong impression on me was a particular phrase that I came across.
The original phrase was something like “perform step into debugging between the customer side and the server side.”
After searching around online, I ended up rewriting the phrase as “cross-device debugging.”
It’s also very much true that the more documents you are involved with localizing,
the deeper your understanding of the documentation becomes.
You continually discover previous submissions, and you can also further improve and optimize them.
It’s like writing code:
the more you do it, the better you are able to spot problems in earlier code.
It also deepens your understanding of English.
Of course, if you want to improve your English significantly, you need to put in a lot of effort.
If you participate in Chinese document localization, it’s best to only make changes to an individual page on each submission.
On one occasion during the recent MVP Competition, I made 2,800 revisions to 300 pages in a single submission.
The result was that my submission was not accepted, so this is something that you have to watch out for.
If you are interested in taking part, I hope that you will join us
and help to popularize Microsoft’s cool, cutting-edge products and technologies.
Thank you.